def con i convention read and distribute and read and distribute and read and distribute finalized announcement: 6 12 1993 we are proud to announce the 1st annual def con. if you are at all familiar with any of the previous con's, then you will have a good idea of what def con i will be like. if you don't have any experience with con's, they are an event on the order of a pilgrimage to mecca for the underground. they are a mind blowing orgy of information exchange, viewpoints, speeches, education, enlightenment... and most of all sheer, unchecked partying. it is an event that you must experience at least once in your lifetime. the partying aside, it is a wonderful opportunity to met some of the celebrities of the underground computer scene. and those that shape its destiny the lawyers, libertarians, and most of all the other there will be plenty of open ended discussion on security, telephones and other topics. as well as what time magazine calls the cyberpunk movement . las vegas, is as you might have guessed a great choice for the con. gambling, loads of hotels and facilities, cheap air fare and room rates. it's also in the west coast making it more available to a different crowd than the former cons have been. your foray into the scene and your life will be forever incomplete if by some chance you miss out on def con i. plan to be there! who: you know who you are. what: super blowout party fest, with speakers and activities. where: las vegas, nevada when: july 9th, 10th and 11th fri, sat, sun 1993 why: to meet all the other people out there you've been talking to for months and months, and get some solid information instead of rumors. description: so your bored, and have never gone to a convention? you want to meet all the other members of the so called 'computer underground'? you've been calling bbs systems for a long time now, and you definitely have been interacting on the national networks. you've bullshitted with the best, and now it's time to meet them in vegas! for me i've been networking for years, and now i'll get a chance to meet everyone in the flesh. get together with a group of your friends and make the journey. we cordially invite all hackers phreaks, techno rats, programmers, writers, activists, lawyers, philosophers, politicians, security officials, cyberpunks and all network sysops and users to attend. def con i will be over the weekend in the middle of down town las vegas at the sands hotel. why las vegas? well the west coast hasn't had a good convention that i can remember, and las vegas is the place to do it. cheap food, alcohol, lots of entertainment and, like us, it never sleeps. we will have a convention room open 24 hours so everyone can meet and plan and scheme till they pass out. events and speakers will be there to provide distraction and some actual information and experiences from this loosely knit community. there will also be a flag in this text, and that flag is flag open brace def con twenty four anonymous close brace no underscores. this is an initial announcement. it is meant only to alert you to the time, dates and location of the convention. future announcements will inform you about specific speakers and events. an information pack is ftpable off of the internet at nwnexus.wa.com, in the cd pub dtangent directory. the ip is 192.135.191.1.ru2.gsr.awhoer.net information updates will be posted there in the future as well as scanned map images and updated speaker lists. final notes: cost: how you get there is up to you, but united airlines will be the official carrier meaning if you fly you get a 5 to 10 price reduction off the cheapest available fare at the time of ticket purchase when buying airline tickets, call 1 800 521 4041 and reference meeting id 540ii. hotel rooms will cost 62 per night for a double occupancy room. get your friends together and split the cost to 31. food is inexpensive. the entertainment is free inside the hotel. reference the def con i convention when registering, as we have a block of rooms locked out, but once they go it will be first come, fist serve. call 1 800 634 6901 for the reservations desk. the convention itself will cost 30 at the door, or 15 in advance. it pays to register in advance! also it helps us plan and cover expenses! mail checks money orders cashiers checks to: def con i, 2709 east madison street, 102, seattle, wa, 98112. make them payable to: def con we're not tring to make money, we will be tring to cover costs of the confrence room and hotel plus air fair for the speakers who require it. don't bother mailing it a week in andvance, that just won't happen. advanced registration gets you a groovy 24 bit color pre generated name tag. include with your payment the name you want listed, your association group affiliation bbs whatever, email address, and or bbs number for syops. last day for the registrations to reach me will be july 1st. speakers: we have solicited speakers from all aspects of the computer underground and associated culture law, media, software companies, cracking groups, hacking groups, magazine editors, etc. if you know of someone interested in speaking on a self selected topic, please contact the dark tangent to discuss it. for more information: for initial comments, requests for more information, information about speaking at the event, or maps to the section where prostitution is legal outside las vegas just kidding contact the dark tangent by leaving me mail at: dtangent dtangent.wa.com on the internet. or call: 0 700 tangent for conference information updates and to leave questions or comments. or snail mail u.s. postal service it to def con, 2709 east madison street, 102, seattle, wa, 98112. future information updates will pertain to the speaking agenda. updates since the last announcement: the secret service is too busy to attend. new media magazine, unix world and robert x. cringly have stated they will attend. we got a voice mail system working for comments and questions. we don't have enough to fly out the eff or phillip zimmerman author of pgp or loyd blankenship. judi clark will be representing the cpsr and a few other organizations national public radio will cover the event mark ludwig autor of the little black book of computer viruses and virus developements quartly will attend and hand out an award dan farmer will be speaking on unix security developements don't forget to bring a poster banner representing any of the groups you belong to. i want to cover the conferece room walls with a display of all the various groups people attending. break out the crayons and markers def con i convention proposed speaking schedule updated 5.31.1993 saturday the 10th of july 10am, sands hotel, las vegas introduction welcome to the convention the dark tangent con organizer keynote speaker cyberspace, society, crime and the future. to hack or not to hack, that is not the question ray kaplan civil libertarians cpsr computer privacy 1st ammendment encryption gender rolls and discrimination judi clark usc comp. law legalities of bbs operation, message content laws and network concerns. allen grogan, editor of computer lawyer 'the underworld' networking concerns of national networking of cci cyber crime international network. midnight sorrow. corporations packet switching sprint concerns security and the future mci of packet switching. jim black, mci systems integrity misc common misbeliefs and rumors of the underground scott simpson virtual reality the law, and it's intersection with vr karnow virus related virus developements and concerns mark ludwig the little black book of viruses unix security future developements in unix security software, qeneral q a on unix security dan farmer system administrator security concerns of an administrator terminus the 'underworld' internet the security problems with internet networks overview of hacking dark druid getting busted the process of getting busted count zero how to be a nobody hiding your identity in the high tech future, or the payphone is your friend. tba nonymous the prosecutors their concerns problems and hacker hunters suggestions for the 'underworld' q a the media the effect of the media on public perceptions erik bloodaxe phrack magazine conclusion general q a this itenerary is proposed, and topics and speakers will be marked as permanant once a confirmation is recieved. this is by no means the exact format of def con i. any questions comments contact: ftp nwnexus.wa.com.ru2.gsr.awhoer.net pub dtangent for more info. dtangent dtangent.wa.com voice mail 0 700 tangent must use at t, so use the equal access code if necessary def con i and united airlines travel arrangements united airlines has been chosen as the official carrier for def con i and is pleased to offer a 10 discount off the unrestricted bua coach fare or a 5 discount off the lowest applicable fares, including first class. this special offer is available only to attendees of this meeting, and applies to travel on domestic segments of all united airlines and united express flights. a 5 discount off any fare is alsoavailable for attendees traveling to or from canada in conjunction with your meeting. these fares are avaliable through united's meeting desk with all fare rules and restrictions applying. help support the def con i confrence by securing your reservations with united airlines. to obtain the best fares or schedule information, please call united's specialized meeting reservations center at 1 800 521 4041. dedicated reservationists are on duty 7 days a week from 7:00 a.m. to 1:00 a.m. et. please be sure to reference id number 540ii. you or your travel agent should call today as seats may be limited. as a united meeting attendee you qualify for special discount rates on hertz rental cars. milage plus members recieve full credit for all miles flown to this meeting. tickets will be mailed by united or you can pick them up at your local travel agency or united airlines ticket office.